added kitops in list.md (#956)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **How to sign up**: No known signup link.
- **Notes**: [Check out theirblog post here](https://turbot.com/blog/2024/09/hacktoberfest-2024).

### K

#### **KitOps**

- **Swag**: T-Shirt

> - **Requirements**:
>     - Star [KitOps](https://github.com/jozu-ai/kitops) on GitHub
>     - Join [Discord](https://discord.gg/Tapeh8agYy)
>     - Make successful contributions on issues tagged with `hacktoberfest` to win a KitOps branded T-shirt
> - **How to sign up**: No signup needed, KitOps team will be raffling off swag to community members who contribute to project all month.
> - **Issues**: Issues [tagged with hacktoberfest](https://github.com/jozu-ai/kitops/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ahacktoberfest) label.
> - **Notes**: Visit [KitOps Anoouncement Post](https://x.com/Kit_Ops/status/1844426229266653412)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Requirements**:
    - Join KitOps on [Discord](https://discord.gg/Tapeh8agYy).
    - Make successful contributions on issues tagged with `hacktoberfest` to enter a raffle.
    - KitOps team will be raffling off swag to community members who contribute to project all month.
- **How to sign up**: No signup needed,
- **Issues**: Issues [tagged with hacktoberfest](https://github.com/jozu-ai/kitops/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ahacktoberfest) label.
- **Notes**: Check the [KitOps announcement on X](https://x.com/Kit_Ops/status/1844426229266653412) for more details.
```
